resume.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: "Resume"
permalink: /resume
---

# Charlie Parker
07761047785
charliejparker05@gmail.com
https://charliejp05.github.io/

## Personal Profile
I am very interested in many aspects of engineering, particularly focusing around Robotics, which encompasses Electrical, Mechanical and Programming. 
I thoroughly enjoy designing and building things to fulfil a purpose and spend lots of free time doing such.
I have learnt many skills throughout my university degree and time running and participating in a KS3 Robotics club that participated in many events.

## Education
University of the West of England
Bsc Robotics
Sep 2024 - Mar 2028


Malmesbury Sixth Form
Alevel
Sep 2022 - Jul 2024
Maths - C
Physics - B
Computer Science - C
Finance(AS Level) - AS Level

## Work Experience
N/A - to fill out

## Practical Skills
Programming - Python, C
Engineering software - MATLAB, Quartus, STM32
3D Design
3D Printing
Linux
Git/Github

## Interests
Like to do practice in programming by building up codebases for small games or programs such as API tools.
Build basic robots with friends from basic parts and 3D printed materials.
Like to do a lot of 3D printing as it is a great way to get my ideas realised fast.

## Transferable Skills
Problem solver, Practical, Logical, Observant, Natural leader, Creative, Decisive, Imaginative

Commit message:

Update work experience section with new entries

resume.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: "Resume"
permalink: /resume
---

# Charlie Parker
07761047785
charliejparker05@gmail.com
https://charliejp05.github.io/

## Personal Profile
I am very interested in many aspects of engineering, particularly focusing around Robotics, which encompasses Electrical, Mechanical and Programming. 
I thoroughly enjoy designing and building things to fulfil a purpose and spend lots of free time doing such.
I have learnt many skills throughout my university degree and time running and participating in a KS3 Robotics club that participated in many events.

## Education
University of the West of England
Bsc Robotics
Sep 2024 - Mar 2028


Malmesbury Sixth Form
Alevel
Sep 2022 - Jul 2024
Maths - C
Physics - B
Computer Science - C
Finance(AS Level) - AS Level

## Work Experience
Forest School Leading - 
Contracting work realising flowcharts for a product
Contracting work for assembling a product for use in parcel warehouses

## Practical Skills
Programming - Python, C
Engineering software - MATLAB, Quartus, STM32
3D Design
3D Printing
Linux
Git/Github

## Interests
Like to do practice in programming by building up codebases for small games or programs such as API tools.
Build basic robots with friends from basic parts and 3D printed materials.
Like to do a lot of 3D printing as it is a great way to get my ideas realised fast.

## Transferable Skills
Problem solver, Practical, Logical, Observant, Natural leader, Creative, Decisive, Imaginative
